Add a manual page for security alerts (#5077)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/security-alerts.html.md

### Dismissing Alerts

When dismissing an alert, choose one of the predefined reasons in GitHub:

- False positive
- Used in tests
- Won't fix

You must add a comment explaining your reasoning and any supporting investigation. This ensures traceability and context for future reviewers.

---

## Tool-Specific Guidance

### Brakeman

Brakeman alerts are static analysis results for Ruby applications.

- If you ignore a Brakeman alert, you **must** also manually dismiss the associated GitHub security alert.
- Always provide a note explaining why the alert is considered a false positive.

### CodeQL (Code Scanning)

CodeQL identifies vulnerabilities of **high severity and precision**.

- CodeQL does **not block builds**; it simply creates alerts for later review.
- Alerts include recommendations and references for resolving issues.
- You may fix or dismiss alerts, but dismissals **must** include a comment explaining why.

### Dependency Review

Dependency Review checks for known critical vulnerabilities in pull requests.

- It **blocks merges** when critical issues are found.
- Alerts are resolved by updating the dependency and re-running the checks.
- To dismiss an alert:

>   - Add the GitHub Advisory Database ID (GHSA) to the `allow-ghsas` list in the inline config.

Reviewer: Could we add some links for more info and examples?

```suggestion
  - Add the GitHub Advisory Database ID (GHSA) to the [`allow-ghsas` list](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/dependency-review?tab=readme-ov-file#configuration-options) in the [inline configuration](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/dependency-review?tab=readme-ov-file#option-1-using-inline-configuration).
```
